README.md, before:

# Green_Nest_Material

Welcome to the Green Nest Material project repository! This repository contains material related to an ongoing project aiming at understand the fitness benefits of adding green nest material by certain bird species through a systematic review and a meta-analysis.

### Repository Structure

`Green_Nest_Material.Rproj` This is an R Project file for our project. We recommend using this .Rproj file after forking/downloading the repository to access the folders and scripts easily. It sets the working directory correctly and makes folder paths in R script more accessible.

`code/` This folder contains all the R scripts associated with this project, named in chronological order (eg. 00\_...,01\_..).

`data/` This folder contains all the data used or generated during this project. It is organized into sub-folders based on project steps:

-   `01_systematic_search/`
    -   `01_search_strategy` contains data related to developing of the search string for the systematic search.
    -   `02_reference_data` contains .bib files downloaded from the Web of Science and Scopus and the final unique_reference_list generated from combining and de-duplicating these files.
    -   `03_title_abstract_screening` contains data files with screening decisions, combined dataset after abstract screening and the selected dataset for subsequent steps.
-   `02_data_extraction/` This folder contains all the files associated with the data extraction for meta-analysis. It contains the different sets for data extraction for the three screeners. It also contains the final extracted data and the combined cleaned dataset for further steps.

#### Data Description

#### Code Desciption

### License

This project is licensed under the [] - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

### Authors contribution

### Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Added data, code, model and figures

README.md, after:

# Green_Nest_Material

Welcome to the Green Nest Material project repository! This repository contains material related to an ongoing project:

**The adaptive value of green nest material across bird species: A systematic Review and a meta-analysis**

This study has been pre-registered here: <https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/S7J6Z>

`Green_Nest_Material.Rproj` This is an R Project file for our project. We recommend using this .Rproj file after forking/downloading the repository to access the folders and scripts easily. It sets the working directory correctly and makes folder paths in R script more accessible.

`code/` This folder contains all the R scripts associated with this project, named in chronological order (eg. 00\_...,01\_..). The later stages of data cleaning and analysis are done using .Rmd files.

`data/` This folder contains all the data used or generated during this project. It is organized into sub-folders based on project steps:

-   `01_systematic_search/`
    -   `01_search_strategy` contains data related to developing of the search string for the systematic search.
    -   `02_reference_data` contains .bib files downloaded from the Web of Science and Scopus and the final unique_reference_list generated from combining and de-duplicating these files.
    -   `03_title_abstract_screening` contains data files with screening decisions, combined dataset after abstract screening and the selected dataset for subsequent steps.
-   `02_data_extraction/` This folder contains all the files associated with the data extraction for meta-analysis. It contains the different sets for data extraction for the three screeners. It also contains the final extracted data and the combined cleaned dataset for further steps.
-   `03_data_cleaning/`
-   `04_data_analysis/`
-   `05_data_sensitivity_analysis/`

#### Data Description

#### Code Desciption

### License

This project is licensed under the \[\] - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

### Authors contribution

### Acknowledgements
